Docs Reorg (#53)
waku-org/waku.guide: docs/platform/index.md

Reviewer: Clicking on the "Platforms" side bar makes it jump to https://waku-guide-git-docs-reorg-logosdao.vercel.app/platform/overview

It feels unexpected as now the previous items in the side bar have disappeared.

Is there a way to indicate that the "Platforms" item is a link?

the same happens for "Presentations" which does not seem justified.

---
title: Getting Started With Waku
slug: /platform/overview
---

:::caution
Waku has risks and limitations as it is still developing and preparing for extensive adoption. However, it is already demonstrating its capabilities by [powering various applications](/powered-by-waku). [Join our community](/community) to stay updated on our progress.
:::

Ready to integrate Waku into your application for private, secure, censorship-free communication? Explore the available integration options and contribute by operating a node.

## Run a Waku Node

The Waku network is permissionless and decentralized, consisting of nodes. It is open for anyone to run a node, use the network, and contribute to its support. Please visit the [nwaku guide for operators](https://github.com/waku-org/nwaku/tree/master/docs/operators) to learn more.

## Integrate Using SDKs 

| SDK | Description | Documentation |
| - | - | - |

> | [nwaku](https://github.com/waku-org/nwaku) | Nim SDK recommended for operating a node and interacting with Waku | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [nwaku](https://github.com/waku-org/nwaku) | Nim SDK recommended for running a standalone node and access the Waku network via a JSON RPC API | |
```

| [go-waku](https://github.com/waku-org/go-waku) | Golang SDK designed for integration in Golang applications, includes C bindings for usage in C/C++, C#/Unity, Swift, and Kotlin | |
| [waku-rust-bindings](https://github.com/waku-org/waku-rust-bindings) | Rust wrapper using `go-waku` bindings designed for integration in Rust applications | |

## Run on Mobile Devices

| Language | Description | Documentation |
| - | - | - |
| [React Native](https://github.com/waku-org/waku-react-native) | React Native wrapper using `go-waku` bindings designed for native mobile integration | |
| Swift (iOS) | Swift applications can use `go-waku` bindings to seamlessly integrate Waku | |
| Kotlin (Android) | Kotlin applications can use `go-waku` bindings to seamlessly integrate Waku | |

## Other Platforms

| Platform | Description | Documentation |
| - | - | - |
| [waku-ui](https://github.com/waku-org/waku-ui) | React components and UI adapters designed for seamless integration with `js-waku` | |
| [@waku/create-app](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@waku/create-app) | Starter kit to bootstrap your next Waku project from various example templates | |

> | JSON-RPC API | `JSON-RPC` API interface provided by nodes for seamless integration with Waku | |

Reviewer: Implemented by go-waku and nwaku
